---
layout: post
title: Mort by Terry Pratchett
category: books
date: April 04, 2017
tags:
- books
- discworld
---

Four Discworld novels in four months, not bad!
Here are my favorite quotes for the fourth one, Mort.

<!--more-->

> It doesn’t prove anything very much except that the awesome splendour of the universe is much easier to deal with if you think of it as a series of small chunks. (p. 30)
<br>

<!-- -->
> THAT’S MORTALS FOR YOU, Death continued. THEY’VE ONLY GOT A FEW YEARS IN THIS WORLD AND THEY SPEND THEM ALL IN MAKING THINGS COMPLICATED FOR THEMSELVES. FASCINATING. (p. 41)
<br>

<!-- -->
> Klatchian, a language so ancient and sophisticated that it had fifteen words meaning ‘assassination’ before the rest of the world had caught on to the idea of bashing one another over the head with rocks (p. 60)
<br>

<!-- -->
> He’d learned in recent days, though, that rather than drown in uncertainty it was best to surf right over the top of it. (p. 71)
<br>

<!-- -->
> His subconscious was worrying him. It appeared to have a direct line to parts of his body that he wanted to ignore at the moment. (p. 137)
<br>

<!-- -->
> Light on the Discworld isn’t like light elsewhere. It’s grown up a bit, it’s been around, it doesn’t feel the need to rush everywhere. It knows that however fast it goes darkness always gets there first, so it takes it easy. (p. 235)
<br>

<!-- -->
> ‘We talked about it,’ he said. ‘Then we thought, just because you happen to rescue a princess, you shouldn’t rush into things.’ (. 254)
<br>

<!-- -->
> Death grinned because, as has so often been remarked, he didn’t have much option. (p. 257)

----

Version of the book

[Pratchett, Terry. Mort: (Discworld Novel 4) (Discworld series) Transworld. Kindle Edition.](http://amzn.to/2oBJUkv)
